# Contributing Guidelines

Thank you for considering contributing to the MyNextID mDL Reader! Your
contributions are valued and can help us enhance this project. Before you start,
please take a moment to familiarise yourself with our guidelines.

## Table of Contents

- [Contributing Guidelines](#contributing-guidelines)
  - [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
  - [Reporting Bugs](#reporting-bugs)
  - [Suggesting Features](#suggesting-features)
  - [Enhancing Documentation](#enhancing-documentation)
  - [Issue Tracking](#issue-tracking)
  - [Security Concerns](#security-concerns)
  - [License](#license)

## Reporting Bugs

If you encounter a bug or experience unexpected behaviour while using the
MyNextID mDL Reader, your input can be invaluable in improving the software. To
report a bug, follow these steps:

1. **Check Existing Issues**: Before creating a new bug report, browse our
[issue tracker](https://github.com/MyNextID/mDL-Reader/issues) to see if someone
has already reported the same issue. If you find a similar report, add any
relevant information to help us better understand the problem.

2. **Create a New Issue**: If you cannot find an existing report for your issue,
create a new one. Provide a clear and concise title along with detailed steps to
reproduce the bug. Describe both the expected behaviour and the actual
behaviour, and include information about your environment (e.g., operating
system, browser version).

## Suggesting Features

If you have ideas for new features or enhancements, we encourage you to share
them with us. Your suggestions can shape the future of the MyNextID mDL Reader.
To suggest a feature, follow these steps:

1. **Check Existing Requests**: Browse our [issue
tracker](https://github.com/MyNextID/mDL-Reader/issues) to verify that your
feature request hasn't already been submitted. If you find a similar request,
you can add your thoughts and comments to that existing issue.

2. **Create a New Request**: If your feature request is unique, create a new
issue with a descriptive title. Explain the reasoning behind the feature, detail
how it should function, and provide any additional context that can help us
understand its value.

## Enhancing Documentation

Improving our documentation is an essential part of the project's growth. If you
come across areas where documentation can be clearer or more comprehensive, or
if you'd like to contribute new documentation, follow these steps:

1. **Review Existing Documentation**: Check the [GitHub
repository](https://github.com/MyNextID/mDL-Reader) for documentation files,
in Markdown format.

2. **Make Improvements**: Make your desired changes or additions to the
documentation.

3. **Submit a Pull Request (PR)**: Create a pull request with a concise title
and description explaining the changes you've made. Our team will review and
merge your contributions.

## Issue Tracking

Our [GitHub issue tracker](https://github.com/MyNextID/mDL-Reader/issues) is the
central hub for bug reports, feature requests, and project discussions. Use it
to report issues or engage in discussions related to the project.

## Security Concerns

If you discover any security vulnerabilities in the MyNextID mDL Reader, please
report them promptly to [security@mynext.id](mailto:security@mynext.id). We take
security seriously and will investigate and address issues urgently.

## License

By contributing to the MyNextID mDL Reader, you agree that your contributions
will be licensed under the [MIT License](LICENSE) governing this project.
